Add Pulumi to integrations-extras (#995)
DataDog/integrations-extras: pulumi/README.md

# Pulumi

## Overview

[Pulumi][1] is a modern infrastructure as code platform that enables cloud engineering teams to define, deploy and manage cloud resources on any cloud using their favorite programming languages.

> The Datadog provider for Pulumi can be used to provision any of the cloud resources available in Datadog. The Datadog provider must be configured with credentials to deploy and update resources in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pulumi integration is used to provision any of the cloud resources available in Datadog. This integration must be configured with credentials to deploy and update resources in Datadog.
```

## Setup

### Installation

> The [Pulumi Datadog provider][2] uses the Datadog SDK to manage and provision resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Pulumi Datadog integration][2] uses the Datadog SDK to manage and provision resources.
```

### Configuration

> 1. [Sign-up for a free or commercial Pulumi account][3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Sign up for a free or commercial Pulumi account][3]
```

2. [Install Pulumi][4]

> 3. Once obtained, there are two ways to communicate your Datadog authorization tokens to Pulumi:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once obtained, there are two ways to set your Datadog authorization tokens for Pulumi:
```

> - Set the environment variables `DATADOG_API_KEY` and `DATADOG_APP_KEY`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the environment variables `DATADOG_API_KEY` and `DATADOG_APP_KEY`:
```

```
export DATADOG_API_KEY=XXXXXXXXXXXXXX && export DATADOG_APP_KEY=YYYYYYYYYYYYYY
```

> - Or, set them using configuration if you prefer that they be stored alongside your Pulumi stack for easy multi-user access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, set them using configuration if you prefer that they be stored alongside your Pulumi stack for easier multi-user access:
```

```
pulumi config set datadog:apiKey XXXXXXXXXXXXXX --secret && pulumi config set datadog:appKey YYYYYYYYYYYYYY --secret
```

> Remember to pass `--secret` when setting `datadog:apiKey` and `datadog:appKey` so that they are properly encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Pass `--secret` when setting `datadog:apiKey` and `datadog:appKey` so that they are properly encrypted.
```

> 4. Run `pulumi new` to initialize a project directory for your infrastructure stack and follow the [API documentation][5] to define new Metrics, Monitors, Dashboards or other resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `pulumi new` to initialize a project directory for your infrastructure stack and follow the [API documentation][5] to define new metrics, monitors, dashboards, or other resources.
```
